https://docs.python.org/3/library/calendar.html#module-calendar - for calendar module-calendar
https://docs.python.org/3/library/cgi.html#module-cgi - for cgi module-cgi
https://docs.python.org/3/library/cgitb.html#module-cgitb - for cgitb module-cgitb
https://docs.python.org/3/library/chunk.html#module-chunk - for chunk module-chunk
https://docs.python.org/3/library/cmath.html#module-cmath - for cmath module-cmath
https://docs.python.org/3/library/cmd.html#module-cmd - for cmd module-cmd
https://docs.python.org/3/library/code.html#module-code - for code module-code
https://docs.python.org/3/library/codecs.html#module-codecs - for codecs module-codecs
https://docs.python.org/3/library/codeop.html#module-codeop - for codeop module-codeop
https://docs.python.org/3/library/collections.html#module-collections - for collections module-collections
https://docs.python.org/3/library/collections.abc.html#module-collections.abc - for collection.abc module-collections.abc
https://docs.python.org/3/library/colorsys.html#module-colorsys - for colorsys module-colorsys
https://docs.python.org/3/library/compileall.html#module-compileall - for compileall module-compileall
https://docs.python.org/3/library/concurrent.futures.html#module-concurrent.futures - for concurrent.futures module-concurrent.futures
https://docs.python.org/3/library/configparser.html#module-configparser - for configparser module-configparser
https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextlib.html#module-contextlib - for contextlib module-contextlib
https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextvars.html#module-contextvars - for contextvars module-contextvars
https://docs.python.org/3/library/copy.html#module-copy - for copy module-copy
https://docs.python.org/3/library/copyreg.html#module-copyreg - for copyreg module-copyreg
https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html#module-cProfile - for cProfile module-cProfile
https://docs.python.org/3/library/crypt.html#module-crypt - for crypt module-crypt
https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html#module-csv - for csv module-csv
https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html#module-ctypes - for ctypes module-ctypes
https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html#module-curses - for curses module-curses
https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.ascii.html#module-curses.ascii - for curses.ascii module-curses.ascii
https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.panel.html#module-curses.panel - for curses.panel module-curses.panel
https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html#module-curses.textpad - for curses.textpad module-curses.textpad
